There's no issue more vulnerable
to the giggle factor than that of alien abduction,
which is why I've waited until this time to present it.
When I first came in contact with Kim Carlsberg
I felt an authenticity coming from her
regarding her experience with eight years
of abduction by the Greys.
For those who haven't resonated with the subject
until now, I ask you to keep an open mind
while watching this conversation.
First off, Kim, I have to tell you, this is
an absolutely beautiful book.
I see why it's been getting really positive comments
from people.
And I think you've done a real service
for people who are both intrigued with the subject
and who've had so much direct experience with it themselves.
Because this is sort of a panoply of every kind
of experience and every kind of being from other places,
other dimensions, other planets.
Right, exactly.
And illustrated so beautifully.
It's like the most intriguing coffee table book
I've ever seen. (laughs)
The cosmic coffee table book--
Exactly, exactly.
It's called The Art of Close Encounters.
And we were talking off-camera and I think
that that's a really important distinction to make,
because there's that whole abduction phenomena
and there is a chapter on that, and then
there's the close encounter phenomena,
which can be any range of things.
But let's go to your own experience
and when this whole subject first came
into your awareness.
Sure.
I was working in Hollywood as a photographer.
I was the first woman photographer in the Cameramen's Union.
So now called the Camera Person's Union,
or the Camera Union, but I had been living
with my boyfriend on the beach in Malibu,
and there's this beautiful old--
We called it the pink castle.
This historic building that is on the corner
of Sunset Boulevard and Pacific Coast Highway.
And it has these three arched windows,
beautiful Spanish windows that overlook the ocean.
And we had the bottom floor of this building.
And so I came home one night
and I was relaxing.
Because we had the bottom floor
we literally lived in one room, so I tried to be
very quiet because Greg always got up
very early in the morning to work out.
So I came home and I pulled a chair up
into the window and I put my feet in the window sill.
And I noticed a light on the horizon and it was
too bright to be a star and it was too low to be a star.
And it was too far above the horizon to be a boat.
And I've looked at that ocean a million times
so I'm sitting there going, "This is intriguing,
"What is this?"
And then within a matter of a second
boom, boom, it goes from the South Bay,
which would be Palos Verdes, where we are,
to Point Dume in the blink of an eye.
And I realized that the way it moved,
at that kind of speed, if I tried to wake up
my boyfriend by the time he got to the window
it would have been gone.
So you could have a witness
to validate this experience. (laughs)
Yeah, to share it with, it was phenomenal.
So as if it responded to my thoughts
that I was looking at it, it took another
(snaps fingers)
flash and it was right in front of my window.
It was about 50 feet in diameter.
It was a white, glowing orb.
I call it Moon over Malibu.
It looked like the moon with a little--
the moon in fog.
And I had the sense that there were entities inside.
I could almost see a silhouette of two entities
but it was very vague.
So I sat there staring at this thing,
not knowing, (laughs) I said in my book,
if I was about to see God or the Devil.
I had no idea what it was and what the experience
was going to be.
And the next thing I know this thing just shot away
the diagonal to the stars.
So that was fine.
I had my first sighting.
I wasn't sure what that was.
And a few weeks later I went to bed as usual,
and I woke up.
I was not in my bed, I was in what I now believe
was the inside of a craft.
And I was completely conscious.
I was naked, I was paralyzed.
My nose was pressed against a cold metal door.
To my left--
All I could move were my eyes.
So I'm trying to do this, "Where am I?
"What's going on?"
And to my left was one of my very first boyfriends,
and he was naked and paralyzed.
And he was very unconscious.
He looked completely dazed.
And I knew that I was crowded by other bodies
into what seemed like an elevator.
To the left of him I knew there was another woman,
and I only knew it telepathically.
It was my first experience with telepathy.
I knew that she was a makeup artist.
And at that point, this metal door that I thought
was an elevator opens up into a huge room
with hundreds of tables that were a couple of feet
off the floor.
And they were all occupied with unconscious human beings.
And there were these little tiny white creatures
running around.
I believe probably hundreds of them as well.
They seemed to be everywhere.
One would be at the head of one of the human beings
doing something to the head, one would be
doing something to the wrists.
And I thought that these people were dead,
and I was absolutely terrified, and I thought
I was gonna be next.
I had never heard of alien abduction.
I had never heard of the greys at that point.
I was a latchkey kid.
I worked my way through eight years of college.
I didn't watch tv and movies, and so--
You weren't prone to fantasy.
Right.
So in '88 this was not common knowledge
like it is now.
Everyone knows what a Grey is now, but at the time
I coined them the Anorexic Pillsbury Doughboys.
Yeah, tiny and pale, the kids.
So at that point I was terrified.
I started screaming and there were two
taller Greys standing to my right.
One came up and slapped me on the back
of the neck and the other one stood
right in front of my face, just waiting
for me to go unconscious.
And the slap on the back of the neck
was exactly like I had been given anesthesia.
Because I've had operations before
and I know that feeling, and that drugged feeling
came over me and I knew I was completely helpless.
And I really thought that that was going to be my death.
I became conscious later on, in another small room
that was dim, I saw no lighting.
I was on a metal table, sitting there by myself.
There was an Anorexic Pillsbury Doughboy (laughs)
sitting to my left.
And there was an arched window--
Excuse me, an arched door.
When I looked through the door it was
a very brightly lit room, but I couldn't
see any detail.
And at that point a being walked into
the arched doorway and stood there.
And she was backlit and her hair was very patchy.
It was blond and patchy and about shoulder length.
And at that point I thought, "This woman's undergoing
"radiation treatment for cancer."
Because that's what it looked like, the patchy hair.
And I realized it was a female and I started screaming
out to her, I said, "What's going on?"
I said, "Can't you see how terrified I am?
"You're a woman, can you help me?"
And she stood there with this blank face,
although she did have human features, huge eyes.
She was a hybrid, now we know--
Right, I was getting that.
that she was a hybrid.
And telepathically she said to me, "Why don't you stop being
"such a big baby and this will be over with soon enough."
And that shocked me out of my hysteria.
I don't know if it was her plan, but it did.
And I said, "Okay, what does that mean?"
And the next thing I know, I'm back in my bed.
My boyfriend is still in the exact same position
he was in when I went to bed, and it was starting
to get light, and I knew that he would be up to
go work out at any moment.
And so I just laid there pretending to be asleep
because I didn't know how to explain
what had happened.
How much time had elapsed, do you think?
Probably a few hours.
A few hours, okay.
And for you, I mean some people with really lucid dreams,
say, would question themselves and say,
"Was that just a dream?"
What were your thoughts after this?
Did you have these kinds of questions?
Sure I did.
What else could it be?
It was a nightmare.
It was a horrible, lucid nightmare.
So at that point I was working on a video with--
I always get this wrong, Shalane McCall from Dallas,
and I'd been working with a producer
for three or four days into this shoot,
and he was from Kansas City where I was from.
And so we became fast friends.
And I just had to continue life, and I say that
at that point it was like another me showed up
to live my life, because I was in absolute shock,
but I still went about my days.
I did what had to be done, but the world,
the universe that I knew was gone.
And I was like an alien in this universe
with what had happened to me.
So I went to work that day and my friend Gary
walks up to me and said, "What happened to you?"
And I said, "What do you mean?" (laughs)
And he said, "Kimberley, 'cause you look terrible."
And I said, "I'm sorry."
And he said, "What happened?"
I said, "I just had a bad nightmare last night."
And he said, "Well come on."
He goes, "Let's go over to the corner of the set.
"I have plenty of time for you.
"If you need me let's talk about it,
"because dreams mean things
"and maybe we can find out what this nightmare meant."
And when I explained it to him, his eyes were just huge,
and his mouth dropped, and he said,
"Kimberley, that wasn't a nightmare.
"That's called 'alien abduction.'"
And I said, "What are you talking about?"
And he said, "Well, I know about this
"because it happened to my roommate."
And he said, "So what we're gonna do is,
"you just relax today.
"We're gonna cut down the shoot early
"and I'll take you to the Bodhi Tree Bookstore
"in L.A., and I'm gonna get you a couple of books
"and you can study and find out what happened to you."
So that's what we did.
And that was the beginning of eight years
of constant contact, of which I kept diary entries,
that eventually became my first book,
Beyond my Wildest Dreams.
And over the eight years,
if you can encapsulate the general nature
of the experiences, number one.
Number two, was it always the same kind of beings
that you were in contact with, or did they change over time?
Just give us a little idea of what happened
over those eight years.
The first year I lived in absolute terror
because I had no idea what was going on
and every experience was different.
It was typically the Greys.
My first experience I saw light beings that were
about nine feet tall, waterfalls of light
that were standing next to the two taller Greys.
I had a very intimate relationship with a praying
mantis being that I absolutely despised.
It seemed to be the one with the most power
and dominance.
I had an experience with a Grey, I call him
"the big-nosed Grey," and that was
a very loving experience.
So what happened, and there are many more
entities that I was involved with over the years.
The first few years were terrifying
and I'd always been a meditator, and I'd always
had a little bit of extra ESP and a little extra power.
And I didn't know where it came from.
I suspect probably from my earlier contacts with them.
But I had the feeling that I could
make the experiences stop, but I didn't want them to stop,
because I wanted to understand everything I could
about the phenomenon first.
This is not an uncommon feeling, is it?
Where on one hand, I've read this from other people
who have been through this--
Where on one hand they're frightened, but on another
it's so intriguing and essential to who they are now
that they can't-- they don't want to stop it.
Sure.
You can't live a normal life knowing you have
this secret life, and not wonder every moment
that you're in the world, "What is this world?
"What is this universe?"
And now that I know that this is happening
I just wanna know more, I wanna know more,
and it was worth the pain.
So after a couple of years I had a real good idea
what they were doing with me.
It had to do with the hybridization process.
They were using my DNA and creating these hybrid children.
And I would be implanted--
This is always the tough part to talk about,
but I have to say the truth.
And the truth is, I would be abducted
and I would be implanted with an alien fetus.
I don't know how long it would stay in by body,
but I was a vegan vegetarian for 25 years,
so athletes, females, stop their cycles when they're
that thin and they're athletic.
So I never paid attention to my cycles
because I didn't have them.
And so people would always ask me,
"Well, how long was it in your body?
"Didn't you notice that you weren't having your cycle?"
And I'd say, "No, that just wasn't part of it."
Yeah, it's not like you'd balloon up
over nine months or anything.
It wasn't that same kind of experience, I assume.
Yeah, nothing like that.
And because the aliens are so tiny
and the fetuses are so tiny, and they leave it in
for such a short time, most people don't know
that it's happening.
So I would be brought back on the ship and I would
be asked to breastfeed these tiny, tiny little babies.
And I'd say, "But, you don't understand.
"I can't do that." (laughs)
And they'd say, "No, you don't understand.
"You can."
So it was all very ambiguous.
They would bring me into these rooms with--
There was a room with tiny little baskets
with tiny babies, and I'd be taken into chambers
with tanks of water with babies floating in the water,
older babies and--
that weren't born yet, and then they would be born.
And then I would be introduced to toddlers.
Were they all hybrids?
They were all hybrids, yes.
So they had human characteristics?
They were more human than they were alien, absolutely.
Yes, and the child that I have the strongest bond with--
I write about her in both of my books, her name is April,
and the last time I saw her she was about 13.
She was an absolute clone of me, other than she
was thinner and had paler skin.
And her intellect was far, far superior than mine.
And I always thought, she must be embarassed
that I'm her mother because she's so smart.
(Both laugh)
And I'm so ignorant compared to the Greys
and her intelligence.
But she has a beautiful intellect, beautiful emotion,
sensitivity, an amazing being.
So with all the pain that I went through it's--
people always ask me, "Was it negative,
"was it positive?"
I always say that I wish that it hadn't happened,
because it did destroy my personal life.
Everything that I had worked for.
Changed my life completely.
And it was very, very painful.
But when I see the product of what they've done
it's amazing and so maybe the ends justify the means.
Well, let me ask you about that.
When you say painful, okay, let's say,
pretend we're old.
Let's say that it had not been terrifying, number one.
Let's say that the fear hadn't been involved.
What about the rest of it?
Was it physically painful, the things that you
were put through for the most part?
Yes, extremely physically painful.
I had female problems my whole life,
terrible female problems.
And I've been to doctor after doctor,
and no one could figure out what was going on.
And I am sure that it had to do with being implanted.
I have several experiences, one I wrote about in my book,
that just proves it.
And the pain of having children that you can't see,
that you love--
Did you feel a natural bond?
Absolutely.
You know, it's interesting because my conscious experiences
didn't start until '88, and so I know that I had had
an ongoing relationship with these children,
especially April, because it was so painful
the last time I saw her that I couldn't be with her,
that I was dying inside.
My heart was breaking.
And she's so telepathic and so intuitive
that she was catching on to that.
I was trying not to cry, I was trying to mask my thoughts
because they're telepathic.
"It's so good to see you, it's so wonderful to see you."
In the back of my mind, I'm going,
"I'm dying because I can't have you in my life
"and I can't protect you and take care of you.
"And I don't know what your life is going to be like
"in this current environment."
And she got scared and this telepathy
going back and forth between us was,
I could see, she's thirteen, she's vulnerable,
and she pictured her own future children
and thought, "What if that happens to me?
"What if I have children and they're taken from me?
"Will I feel the same kind of pain that you're feeling?"
And I tried to tell her telepathically, I said,
"All the pain in the world,"
I'm gonna choke up--
"All the pain in the world isn't--
"it's worth it to experience that kind of love."
So.
And this was happening to the other women
in there, too, I take it, right?
This is what that program you were involved with
was about.
Yes.
Why are they doing this?
What are these hybrid beings being hybridized for?
I don't know.
They don't tell me.
They don't talk to me, but they communicate.
And when they communicate, they communicate
in what I call virtual reality experiences.
I will wake up and I will be in a scenario
that is absolutely lifelike and I will have to live through
some kind of event.
And then at the end of this event, when they're gotten
what they wanted out of me, or they've taught me
what they wanted me to learn, this scenario
just completely dissolves and I'll be sitting
in a room with some Grey aliens.
Like holographic reality.
Graphic reality?
Holographic.
Holographic?
When you're right
in the middle of it,
It's real to you.
Absolutely.
So I don't know why they're creating the children.
All I can do is speculate.
But most of my experiences,
many of my experiences are about the earth.
And I have been quoted, it's a long quote
but the last sentence is the one that stays with me,
that it is time to save Mother Earth from her inhabitants.
So I don't know what that means.
We can all speculate.
Either we're bad and we're gonna go away
and the hybrids might come here.
Or the hybrids might be integrating
to help us higher our consciousness.
Or the Greys, this may be just what they do.
They may seek planets, because they're
definitely good at what they do.
I've seen hybrid children that were 90 percent human
and 10 percent alien and everything in between.
I've seen every combination of race amongst those beings.
When you say every race amongst those beings,
are you talking about their various forms,
or hybridized with us and our races
injected into their species.
Yes, all of our races combined with their DNA.
One of the things you said a moment ago
is they would teach you things and show you things.
What were some of the more profound things
you learned with them or you saw
in these holographic realities created for you.
Sure.
This one in particular wasn't really
a holographic experience, but this was the most profound
thing that I took away.
I had just had surgery for my female problems
(laughs) and I was in bed for a few days,
so they were around a lot.
I had a female being come visit me a lot
during that time.
She had huge eyes.
Her eyes, I thought they were a foot in diameter,
they were so big.
And she had a scarf that she had wrapped
around the bottom of her face, so all I could see
were her eyes.
Was she like the rest of them?
She was not like the rest of them.
She was, I would say she was more like a hybrid,
but a more perfected, a more evolved hybrid.
And she had a scarf around her face, so I couldn't
see her hair, she just wanted me to see the eyes.
And that's how they usually connect.
So she got right in front of my face,
and she said, "You are us."
And at that moment I felt myself to be one with her,
one with the Greys, one with the universe,
one with God, one with everything.
So they gave me the ultimate spiritual experience
of my life, so it's the ying and yang,
the yin and yan of the encounter experience.
They taught me many spiritual lessons.
Can you share a couple?
Sure, let's see.
Okay, this is a good one.
I was taken to a place a couple of times
that I believe was another planet.
It was an orange, dry desert-type planet
and there were three male pilots
piloting three triangular craft
and they were showing me
how they cloaked themselves.
So one of the craft came forward.
I was all alone and this craft came forward
and it shot a white fabric out in front of it
that looked like parachute material.
And I thought, "Oh, they're gonna float down or something."
But this parachute material enveloped the craft
and turned soft and it looked like a cloud.
So I understood that they were showing me
how they cloaked themselves.
Interesting.
I have to explain that a lot of these experiences
are not linear the way we experience time.
In my experience I will have an abduction or a contact
and it will have all the complete components
of an experience but they're not exactly linear.
They break up but they all make sense at the end.
So in this experience, the craft went away.
I looked off to the side and these three pilots
were now on the ground, walking towards me.
And I looked at one and I knew him.
But I didn't know how, it was absolute knowing.
He was in his 30s, good looking, Nordic-type guy
and he had this sweet energy about him like,
"I know you know me, we know each other."
And I thought, "Okay, but why don't I have the memories?"
So the next thing I know a bulldozer shows up,
this big bulldozer with this big round thing on the front.
I guess it reminds me of something
that you would lay tarmac out with.
So this comes up from the left
and these three pilots walk over in front
of this bulldozer and they lie down in front of it.
And the bulldozer goes over them,
and I'm absolutely terrified, horrified, couldn't believe
what I was seeing.
I said, "This is horrific!"
And I'm at the height of this emotion
and the bulldozer moves on away,
and there's nothing left
but these little plastic or glass shards on the dirt.
And I walked over and I picked one up,
and as I did, a voice said to me,
"This is to show you the body is only a shell."
And then it disappeared in my hand.
Wow! (laughs)
So that's how they communicate.
Yeah, yeah.
They would never just tell me something like that.
I had to live it.
You had to live it, which, of course,
is how we all learn best.
So it was an intelligent way to teach.
Right.
Well, the book that you've written,
this new one that's just coming out.
In fact, it's on the docks as we speak.
(laughs) And I'm here to pick it up.
And you're here to pick it up.
The Art of Close Encounters, you show many different
kinds of beings.
Now, how did this project come out of your experiences?
I'm a photographer and I'm visual.
My first book was my diary entries
and I had a good friend of mine illustrate most of them,
I illustrated some of them.
So at the end of that book I put out
an invitation for people who had had experiences
who had art and if they would like to contribute
I wanted to do a compilation of other people's experiences
and art.
Well, that was 15 years ago, and I received enough
for a chapter, but not for a book.
And at that time I was having a very difficult time
in my life personally because of coming forward.
And one day I had been on so many television shows
and radio shows and on and on, and I was talking,
talking, and I never took a dime for anything.
I just wanted to get the information out.
I got to the point where I couldn't talk any more.
And that's when I decided to write my book.
I said, "I'm gonna write my book.
"I'm gonna give it to the world, and I'm gonna go away
"and try to retrieve my life."
So I did.
So I was gone for 15 years and about a year and a half ago
I went on Facebook as myself,
as Kim Carlsberg the photographer,
and the first day I was busted.
"You're Km Carlsberg."
People knew who you were.
Everyone knew who I was, and I started receiving
all these beautiful, wonderful letters from people,
emails and messages for the contribution I'd made
with my first book.
So I got sucked back in.
And I realized that I was at the perfect point
to finish the book.
I knew that I would finish it someday.
15 years later here I am on Facebook
and I have a whole beautiful community of contactees
at my fingertips, and I said,
"You guys, if you have any art, if you have a story--"
Now is the time for me to finish
the Art of Close Encounters.
There's some amazing artwork in here.
And I was saying that I needed to wait 15 years
to have this book be as powerful as it is,
because 15 years ago we didn't have the software
that we have now for creating artwork.
And anyone with any artistic ability at all
can go on and find software and put together
a pretty good image.
So the images are phenomenal.
I can say I love the book and it's amazing
and it's beautiful, because I didn't do it.
It's 150 individual stories of close encounters.
And it's not all painful abductions.
No, not at all.
It's close encounters, which is a distinction.
Yes, this is not the art of abduction,
this is the Art of Close Encounters.
And it covers every type of close encounter
that I could get my hands on.
So you have beautiful stories of people who were mentored
from childhood, you have stories that just--
Most of it is actually very positive and very powerful.
I was asked the other night on a radio show,
"Tell me the most terrifying story in the book,"
and I said, "Come to think of it, there really aren't
"any terrifying stories in the book."
Because in this day and age, 15 years later,
there's so much information out there,
people know what a Grey is, people know what abduction is,
and if it's happening to them they can find out about it
quickly and they can get the information they need.
And they can assimilate it.
So what's the most beautiful
story in the book, instead of scary?
Oh, there are so many.
Well, maybe just one or two
that pop to mind.
Oh, goodness, Tonia Madenford.
I like this one because it involves children.
And she has a very lighthearted--
She's a beautiful woman, she lives in Phoenix,
and we talked on the phone for a couple hours
and I just loved her energy.
And she didn't wanna come forward.
She didn't wanna contribute, but after we talked
for a while she goes, "Well ..."
I said, "Come on, we need to get this information
"out in the world, and you've had a great story."
And she says, "Okay, well let me see
"if I can get the artist--"
She had another artist illustrate her story.
And it's called Rising, I believe.
It's a blue craft and it's three little children
and they're reaching up into the blue light.
And she talks about how she was mentored
as a child and how they told her
that the earth was
the most important planet
because it seeded other planets.
And she said that she felt from a very young age
this, like I was told, we have to take care of Mother Earth.
This seems to be a common theme.
Yeah.
From everything I've read.
It was great because she just talks
about walking out into the field and all the kids
getting together and waiting for the craft to come over.
And it was so exciting when they would float up
into the craft and be taken into these rooms.
And she said sometimes they would be told
what to do, and sometimes they were just free
to draw and play and be in the craft,
and be dropped off.
So, it's not a very serious story, but it's--
No, but that's sweet.
And what did those beings look like?
What kind of beings were they?
You know, she did not describe the beings.
She described her experience.
Her experience, okay.
So the environment was there for the kids, it sounds like.
Right, right.
We've read about the different types
of beings and experiences.
The Greys seem to be very closely aligned
with these kinds of programs you're speaking of,
DNA work, hybridizations, and so forth.
What about the ones known as the Nordics, for example?
There are a lot of Nordics in the book.
I believe, let's see, Nordic stories ...
They're the ones that tend to look
more like you.
Oh, the humanoids, the blonds, the Pleiadians.
The beautiful big blue eyes, yeah.
Sure, yeah, they're all in the book.
Do those tend to be more positive stories
that happen surrounding the Nordics than your experience,
or can you go by that?
I'll go by that, and I just want to make one point.
People always say, "Is it positive or negative?"
And I always have to say, "You cannot judge,
"because we can't use those words."
Maybe painful versus not painful.
Yeah, you know, if you're being physically probed
that's painful.
I don't believe any of the Nordic stories are
about probing people,
although there are stories
where the Pleiadians have been seen with the Greys.
And all the different species have been seen together,
just about.
It's pretty incredible how they do know each other,
and hang out every once in a while.
So I don't know what those relationships are in particular,
but they are seen together a lot.
David W. Chase is in the beginning of the book.
The first chapter of the book I wanted it to be just
the different species and then go
into the different types of encounters.
And he's followed this for a long time
and he's an excellent artist.
And he has a being in the book that is
a Grey alien with the body,
with the size of the head,
the shape, the features, covered in grey scales,
with reptilian slanted, slit irises.
So there are some interesting entities in the book
that I had not heard of.
I guess the Reptilians have been getting
a fair amount of play the last 20 years
through the work of a number of people we know
and have interviewed.
Sure, but I had never heard of a Reptilian-Grey hybrid.
So even within those species
they're hybridized versions.
Yes.
Well, and I think we're at a point in history
where we're, if not already there,
certainly approaching a point where
I think the human species is going to
have to become comfortable with the fact
that perhaps we are a hybridized species to begin with.
A genetically engineered species,
and even to the point where--
I think about this now and then, that as you look
at the various species, the various races even
around the planet, you start seeing very specific
characteristics of a lot of these ET species
that have been caught in the artwork--
Absolutely.
And you have
to wonder "Were those people primarily influenced
by the Pleiadians, or ... "
You know, when I did this book I'd go into a restaurant
and I'd start looking at people.
(interviewer laughs)
And I could see the ET ancestry.
Absolutely.
And so that's a little side project of mine
that I'm working on, because once you know
all of these different species,
and you know what they look like,
you can observe them in us.
So I have no problem with the idea that
we were seeded here, manipulated.
You know, I always say that I think the hybrids
are just the--
when the homo sapien and the Neanderthal were here
at the same time.
I believe that the hybrids, if they do come here,
it would be nothing more than that.
Another upgrade of the species.
Yeah, I tend to agree with you on that.
And it's just, it doesn't take away from our sovereignty.
Each one of us is a being with a soul, a true self,
that is integrated through this physical vehicle
of all different types on this planet.
And there has to be some kind of psychological shift
that allows humanity to feel comfortable with it
before there will be any serious exploration, I think.
And hopefully it's not gonna be trotted out
more as a fear scenario.
No, and I think this book
is gonna cross the boundaries
into mainstream, because it is a coffee table book.
It is.
And it's unintimidating, and it's visual,
and everywhere I go I have to fight to get this book back.
Now here's an interesting story.
Yesterday the woman I'm staying with
had a good friend stop by her house
she hadn't seen in 20 years.
But they were best friends their whole life.
Excuse me, no!
She had seen her, but maybe they had been friends
for 20 years.
And Suzanne asked me to share the book.
And I brought it out and the woman opens up the page
and she sees the Greys and the hybrid, and she goes,
"Oh, those were the ones that took me
"when I was 14 and took my eggs."
And Suzanne turned around and looked at me,
and looked at her, and she said,
"I've known you 20 years, you're my best friend.
"And you never told me this."
And I said, "See, it's the context."
I said, "We're all here together, it's comfortable.
"There's the book, you flipped the page.
"'Oh, yeah, I saw that, I saw this.'"
So it'll be a tool for people who have had experiences
to share it with friends who are on the fence,
or family, and it's also great for anyone
who's had an experience.
Because they're gonna find their experience
in there or something like it.
Yes, yes.
Well, thank you.
I'm glad we were able to connect.
But thank you so much for the work you've been doing
and for being comfortable enough
to start speaking about it again
after all these years.
You haven't been doing media for a long time.
Right.
And I feel very honored
that you feel comfortable enough to talk with us about it.
You made me feel very comfortable.
Thank you.
Kim has two books out on the subject,
the first being her own diary of her experiences,
titled Beyond my Wildest Dreams, Diary of a UFO Abductee,
which you can find on Amazon and other major booksellers,
and her newest book, The Art of Close Encounters,
which you'll need to buy through her website
theartofcloseencounters.com.
I hope you can see this phenomenon in a new light
as the implications are profound.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(serene music)